budding peach inverted kidney
here is the place of budding he was flap . was
pointing down
thanks to this peach shoot
at the beginning of its growth it spreads along the ground
that is, then it rises up but
plot dimitrov 15-20 it grows
rosenthal on after earth itself it
allows you to keep buds on it
young
those who will restore dormant
that is, even if this part is
get hurt that went housing
sooner or later wood inside
freezes through the internal flow then this part
wood it remains as it were in the fossa under
you can always install snow from it
tree and apricot
you need to plant not one such kidney
several pieces three or four in different
side then you got the bowl right away
I needed to form from these buds
but immediately in all directions to send
thanks to this tree would ideally
bowl bowl bowl has not come up but it
can only be achieved if you will
do yourself budding down and so such
Christmas tree do not practice not nurseries of the week
qqq not visible only on apple threw baku
so sho the flipped barrel is fine
develops on top grows
first horizontally and then smoothly
straightens a kidney grafted next
apricot nobre cat on the river
sadly grafted apricot here. grafted
as laid up and knock them out once
cocoon sharply goes up here these assholes
they are already at a higher level
surface.
and they would be examples would be this peach
we froze all the time even if you
don't see her freezing
Delta wood which is peach
on high ground she has inside
damage and from it recover the tree
quality does not work out of this such
Small life tree the best
such for a forming here
kidney stock kidney stock
budding inverted flap here
vaccinated and apricot immediately vaccinated and
rapist boat on the selector that is
apricot target apricots and peach led
at the same time beer select the 3rd im then
on him right we can and the peach is the same
apricot and got good powerful k
Russian on wilds
dwarfism not select a typhoon select
enough
vegetative rootstock, and this implies
a series of flaws but vaccinated on PM
he is strong powerful also here is the jerk way
an inverted flap of peach and apricot
made in august
flap green flap wood in cold
the flap is not behind the bark just cut
put wrapped lotions
winters fs film spring plenochka
clipped looks from the account flap
healthy good cut off
stock wild but cannot be cut near
buds like books are drawn like this
type trash can not and lick if so
cut dry through the stump and dry and
more fungus cut off more when
already the branch will go when the peach develops
yes yes you can delete this do not need to delete
let there be wild game from the bottom on the sly there
ms word won't like it from the bottom
led like another brick rated at
you will be our inoculate if you bottom
there's nothing
Classic trunk naked to comfortable
weed it all but only the trunk became naked
and nothing to update and when you below and
such a cross and a flame select
testicles and branches are always possible
but to instill water such that all
loves the drive